fix(gossipsub): signed messages use monotonically increasing seq numbers (#3551)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: protocols/gossipsub/CHANGELOG.md

> # 0.44.2 - unreleased

Reviewer: Missing `Cargo.toml` version bump. Thus a "ghost version". Will be fixed with https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/3668.

> # 0.45.0 (unreleased)
> 
> - Signed messages use sequential integers in the sequence number field. See [PR
> 	3551].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# 0.41.1 - unreleased

- Signed messages now use sequential integers in the sequence number field.
  See [PR 3551].
```

Reviewer 2: I can't seem to accept my own suggestion, likely because this PR is from an org-owned fork so I don't automatically get write permissions.
